{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Architecture discussion\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0 \cf2 What would you use for the application frontend? \
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 	  I have some basic openCV background , so I would use openCV for frontEnd. \
	It has already GUI functions for windows and Mac, and can be integrated to IOS and Android. \
	So I would implement separate solution for all platforms. There are some wrappers for c# and .net core also for openCV. OpenCV itself has machine learning 	algorithms and can do lots of things on frontEnd.\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0 \cf2 What would you use for the backend?\
       
\f0\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0   \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 I would use python because , python can easily be integrated with OpenCV , both \outl0\strokewidth0 OpenCV\outl0\strokewidth0  and \outl0\strokewidth0 python\outl0\strokewidth0  machine learning libraries. With \outl0\strokewidth0 python you can develop web services easily and integrate to databases. I would put data in MS/SQL database.\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf2 Display Data to User\
\
		
\f0\b To Display data firstly camera must be calibrated. With OpenCv you can calibrate image  With
\f1\b0  
\f0\b openCV you can do image projection of 3D points so you can show real time posture/Joints of the human.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf2 \outl0\strokewidth0 Detecting and labelling a single movement from that\
	
\f0\b Opencv or \outl0\strokewidth0 python is so powerful that analyse of skeleton data can be done even client side with machine learnings models. So there would be no latency. But This machine learnings  part could be also implemented on server side also with python.\
\

\f1\b0 \outl0\strokewidth0 Dashboard accessible from any device.\

\f0\b 	\outl0\strokewidth0 Dashboard can be implemented asp.net core with MS/SQL and web application and web services could be developed with asp.net core. IOS and Android clients could be implemented
\f1\b0 \
 }